Going to Yash for ICICI Lombard Q3
results. Yash, the key takeaways
quickly.
>> Well, uh it's been a weak quarter for
the company as far as third quarter is
concerned. Though the top line would
look decent, the net earn premium
growing at about 13% but operationally
the results are significantly weak.
Underwriting loss has increased to 132%.
Operating profit has uh dropped by about
17%. As a result of which PAT has
dropped by about 10% despite the
investment income being higher by about
42%. The combined ratio that has also
shot up because of the weak underwriting
performance coming in at about 104.5 as
compared to about 102.7.
Motor and health premiums have
meaningfully grown. But what has that
come at the cost of higher underwriting
loss? Motor underwriting loss increasing
by about 137%. uh retail health
underwriting loss also increasing by
about 134%. In a conversation with the
management, the management on the
regulatory changes, expected regulatory
changes around commission said that they
would welcome any move from the
insurance regulator on regulating
commissions and as far as motor is
concerned they said first half first
week but in the third quarter in terms
of premium growth they've tried to catch
up with the industry average.
>> Okay. All right. Yash thanks a lot for
joining and giving us a quick update. Uh
Mangala
>> wish you a very happy Makar Sakrandi.
Yes. You want to fly like a kite here?
>> That That is classic. Yash. That is
classic.
>> [laughter]